docs: add warning for GEP-1731 (#5052)
envoyproxy/gateway: site/content/en/latest/tasks/traffic/retry.md

title: Retry
---

{{% alert color="warning" %}}

> Start from `v1.3`, Envoy Gateway supports [GEP-1731](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/geps/gep-1731/), and the core Gateway API takes precedence over the BackendTrafficPolicy CRD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from `v1.3`, Envoy Gateway supports [HTTPRoute Retries(GEP-1731)](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/geps/gep-1731/), this setting in the core Gateway API takes precedence over the BackendTrafficPolicy configuration.
```
